POSTS-TEMPLATE(1)                 General Commands Manual                POSTS-TEMPLATE(1)

NAME
       posts-template - generate a grid layout for displaying blog posts in Hugo

SYNOPSIS
       {{ partial "posts-template.html" . }}

DESCRIPTION
       This partial template creates a grid layout to display blog posts in a
       Hugo website. Each post is represented as a card with an optional
       featured image, title, summary, tags, author information, publication
       date, and estimated reading time. The layout is responsive and styled
       using Tailwind CSS.

PARAMETERS
       .Paginator.Pages
              The list of pages (blog posts) to display in the grid. This is
              provided by Hugo's paginator.

       .Permalink
              The URL of the blog post.

       .Params.featured_image
              Optional parameter for the featured image of the blog post.

       resources.Get
              Hugo's resource management function used to fetch images.

       .Title   The title of the blog post.

       .Params.summary
              A summary or excerpt of the blog post content.

       .GetTerms
              Hugo's function to retrieve terms (tags) associated with the blog
              post.

       .Permalink
              The URL of the tag page.

       .LinkTitle
              The title of the tag.

       .Params.author
              The author of the blog post.

       .Params.authorimage
              Optional parameter for the author's image.

       .Date    The publication date of the blog post.

       countwords
              Hugo's function to count words in the blog post content.

FILES
       The partial template file is located at:
              /layouts/partials/posts-template.html

COPYRIGHT
       This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is
       NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
       PURPOSE.

posts-template 1.0                   July 2024                       POSTS-TEMPLATE(1)

